Update MA getting started (#8797)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _migrations/getting-started-data-migration.md

* The source cluster must be deployed with the S3 plugin.
* The target cluster must be deployed.

Using this guide assumes the following:

* A snapshot will be taken and stored in S3 in this guide, and the following assumptions are made about this snapshot:
  * The `_source` flag is enabled on all indexes that will be migrated.
  * The snapshot includes the global cluster state (`include_global_state` is `true`).
  * Shard sizes up to approximately 80GB are supported. Larger shards can not be migrated. If this is blocker for your migration, contact the [migration's team](https://opensearch.slack.com/archives/C054JQ6UJFK).
* Migration Assistant will be installed in the same region and have access to both the source snapshot and target cluster.

---

## Step 1: Installing bootstrap on an AWS EC2 instance (~10 mins)

To begin your migration, use the following steps to install a `bootstrap` box on an AWS EC2 instance. The instance uses CloudFormation to create and manage the stack.

1. Log into the target AWS account where you want to deploy the Migration Assistant.

> 2. From the browser where you are logged into your target AWS account right-click [here](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/new?templateURL=https://solutions-reference.s3.amazonaws.com/migration-assistant-for-amazon-opensearch-service/latest/migration-assistant-for-amazon-opensearch-service.template&redirectId=SolutionWeb) ↗ to load the CloudFormation (Cfn) template from a new browser tab.

Author: ```suggestion
2. From the browser where you are logged into your target AWS account, right-click [here](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/new?templateURL=https://solutions-reference.s3.amazonaws.com/migration-assistant-for-amazon-opensearch-service/latest/migration-assistant-for-amazon-opensearch-service.template&redirectId=SolutionWeb) to load the CloudFormation  template from a new browser tab.
```

3. Follow the CloudFormation stack wizard:
   * **Stack Name:** `MigrationBootstrap`
   * **Stage Name:** `dev`
   * Hit **Next** on each step, acknowledge on the fourth screen, and hit **Submit**.
4. Verify that the bootstrap stack exists and is set to `CREATE_COMPLETE`. This process takes around 10 minutes.

---

## Step 2: Setting up bootstrap instance access (~5 mins)

Use the following steps to set up bootstrap instance access:

1. After deployment, find the EC2 instance ID for the `bootstrap-dev-instance`.

> 2. Create an IAM policy using the snippet below, replacing `<aws-region>`, `<aws-account>`, `<stage>`, and `<ec2-instance-id>` in the following policy:

Author: ```suggestion
2. Create an IAM policy using the following snippet, replacing `<aws-region>`, `<aws-account>`, `<stage>`, and `<ec2-instance-id>` with your information:
```

    ```json
    {
        "Version": "2012-10-17",
        "Statement": [
            {
                "Effect": "Allow",
                "Action": "ssm:StartSession",
                "Resource": [
                    "arn:aws:ec2:<aws-region>:<aws-account>:instance/<ec2-instance-id>",
                    "arn:aws:ssm:<aws-region>:<aws-account>:document/BootstrapShellDoc-<stage>-<aws-region>"
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
    ```

3. Name the policy, such as  `SSM-OSMigrationBootstrapAccess`, then create the policy by selecting **Create policy**.

---

> ## Step 3 - Logging into bootstrap and build the Migration Assistant (~15 mins)

Author: ```suggestion
## Step 3: Logging into bootstrap and build the Migration Assistant (~15 mins)
```

Run the following command to access the migration console:

```bash
./accessContainer.sh migration-console dev <region>
```

`accessContainer.sh` is located in `/opensearch-migrations/deployment/cdk/opensearch-service-migration/` on the bootstrap instance. To learn more, see [Accessing the migration console]:
`{: .note}

---

## Step 7: Checking the connection to the source and target clusters

To verify the connection to the clusters, run:

```bash
console clusters connection-check
```

You should receive the following output:

```
* **Source Cluster:** Successfully connected!
* **Target Cluster:** Successfully connected!
```

To learn more about migration console commands, see [Migration commands].

---

## Step 8: Snapshot creation

Run the following to initiate creating a snapshot from the source cluster:

```bash
console snapshot create [...]
```

To check on the progress of the snapshot creation, use:

```bash
console snapshot status [...]
```

To learn more details about the snapshot, use:

```bash
console snapshot status --deep-check [...]
```

Wait for the snapshot to complete before moving to step 9.

To learn more about snapshot creation, see [Snapshot Creation]:

---

> ## Step 9 - Metadata Migration

Author: ```suggestion
## Step 9: Metadata Migration
```

---
layout: default
title: Quickstart - Data migration
nav_order: 10
---

# Getting started: Data migration

This document outlines how to deploy the Migration Assistant and execute an existing data migration using `reindex-from-snapshot` (RFS). It uses AWS for the sake of illustration. However, the steps can be modified for use with other cloud providers.

> {: .note}

Author: ```suggestion

```

## Prerequisites and assumptions

Before utilizing this quickstart, make sure you fulfill the following prerequisites:

* Verify your that migration path [is supported](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/migrations/is-migration-assistant-right-for-you/#supported-migration-paths). Note that we test with the exact versions specified, but you should be able to migrate data on alternative minor versions as long as the major version is supported.
* The source cluster must be deployed with the S3 plugin.
* The target cluster must be deployed.

Using this guide assumes the following:

* A snapshot will be taken and stored in S3 in this guide, and the following assumptions are made about this snapshot:
  * The `_source` flag is enabled on all indexes that will be migrated.
  * The snapshot includes the global cluster state (`include_global_state` is `true`).
  * Shard sizes up to approximately 80GB are supported. Larger shards will not be able to migrate. If this is a blocker, please consult the migrations team.
* Migration Assistant will be installed in the same region and have access to both the source snapshot and target cluster.

---

> ## Step 1: Installing bootstrap on an AWS EC2 instance (~10 mins)

Author: I'm not sure either. I like the way its formatted now but editorial might have a different take.

To begin your migration, use the following steps to install bootstrap on an AWS EC2 instance.

1. Log into the target AWS account where you want to deploy the Migration Assistant.
2. From the browser where you are logged into your target AWS account right-click [here](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/new?templateURL=https://solutions-reference.s3.amazonaws.com/migration-assistant-for-amazon-opensearch-service/latest/migration-assistant-for-amazon-opensearch-service.template&redirectId=SolutionWeb) ↗ to load the CloudFormation (Cfn) template from a new browser tab.
3. Follow the CloudFormation stack wizard:
   * **Stack Name:** `MigrationBootstrap`
   * **Stage Name:** `dev`
   * Hit **Next** on each step, acknowledge on the fourth screen, and hit **Submit**.
4. Verify that the bootstrap stack exists and is set to `CREATE_COMPLETE`. This process takes around 10 minutes.

---

## Step 2: Setting up bootstrap instance access (~5 mins)

Use the following steps to set up bootstrap instance access:

1. After deployment, find the EC2 instance ID for the `bootstrap-dev-instance`.

> 2. Create an IAM policy using the snippet below, replacing `<aws-region>`, `<aws-account>`, `<stage>`, and `<ec2-instance-id> in the following policy`:

Author: ```suggestion
2. Create an IAM policy using the snippet below, replacing `<aws-region>`, `<aws-account>`, `<stage>`, and `<ec2-instance-id>` in the following policy:
```

    ```json
    {
        "Version": "2012-10-17",
        "Statement": [
            {
                "Effect": "Allow",
                "Action": "ssm:StartSession",
                "Resource": [
                    "arn:aws:ec2:<aws-region>:<aws-account>:instance/<ec2-instance-id>",
                    "arn:aws:ssm:<aws-region>:<aws-account>:document/BootstrapShellDoc-<stage>-<aws-region>"
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
    ```

3. Name the policy, such as  `SSM-OSMigrationBootstrapAccess`, then create the policy by selecting **Create policy**.

---

## Step 3 - Logging into bootstrap and build the Migration Assistant (~15 mins)

Next, log into to bootstrap and build the Migration Assistant using the following steps.

### Prerequisites

To use these steps, make sure you fulfill the following prerequisites:

* AWS CLI and AWS Session Manager Plugin is installed on your instance.
* The AWS credentials are configured (`aws configure`) for your instance.

### Steps

1. Load AWS credentials into your terminal.

> 2. Login to the instance using the command below, replacing `<instance-id>` and `<aws-region>` in the following script:

Author: ```suggestion
2. Login to the instance using the following command, replacing `<instance-id>` and `<aws-region>` with your instance ID and region:
```

---
layout: default
title: Quickstart - Data migration
nav_order: 10
---

# Getting started: Data migration

This document outlines how to deploy the Migration Assistant and execute an existing data migration using `reindex-from-snapshot` (RFS). It uses AWS for the sake of illustration. However, the steps can be modified for use with other cloud providers.

> Note that this does not include steps for deploying and capturing live traffic, which is necessary for a zero-downtime migration.  

Author: ```suggestion

```

{: .note}

## Prerequisites and assumptions

Before utilizing this quickstart, make sure you fulfill the following prerequisites:

* Verify your that migration path [is supported](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/migrations/is-migration-assistant-right-for-you/#supported-migration-paths). Note that we test with the exact versions specified, but you should be able to migrate data on alternative minor versions as long as the major version is supported.
* The source cluster must be deployed with the S3 plugin.
* The target cluster must be deployed.

> Using this quickstart assumes the following:

Author: Getting started! Thanks for catching this.

> Using this quickstart assumes the following:

Author: ```suggestion
Using this guide assumes the following:
```

* A snapshot will be taken and stored in S3 in this guide, and the following assumptions are made about this snapshot:

>   * The `_source` flag is enabled on all indices to be migrated.

Author: ```suggestion
  * The `_source` flag is enabled on all indexes that will be migrated.
```

  * The snapshot includes the global cluster state (`include_global_state` is `true`).

>   * Shard sizes up to approximately 80GB are supported. Larger shards will not be able to migrate. If this is a blocker, please consult the migrations team.

Author: ```suggestion
  * Shard sizes up to approximately 80GB are supported. Larger shards can not be migrated. If this is blocker for your migration, contact the migration's team.
```

Author: @peternied: do we have a link with contact information for the migrations team? Should I direct them to the migrations repo?

Reviewer: Directing them to the repo is a good option.

## Step 1: Installing bootstrap on an AWS EC2 instance (~10 mins)

To begin your migration, use the following steps to install bootstrap on an AWS EC2 instance.

1. Log into the target AWS account where you want to deploy the Migration Assistant.
2. From the browser where you are logged into your target AWS account right-click [here](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/new?templateURL=https://solutions-reference.s3.amazonaws.com/migration-assistant-for-amazon-opensearch-service/latest/migration-assistant-for-amazon-opensearch-service.template&redirectId=SolutionWeb) ↗ to load the CloudFormation (Cfn) template from a new browser tab.
3. Follow the CloudFormation stack wizard:
   * **Stack Name:** `MigrationBootstrap`
   * **Stage Name:** `dev`
   * Hit **Next** on each step, acknowledge on the fourth screen, and hit **Submit**.
4. Verify that the bootstrap stack exists and is set to `CREATE_COMPLETE`. This process takes around 10 minutes.

---

## Step 2: Setting up bootstrap instance access (~5 mins)

Use the following steps to set up bootstrap instance access:

1. After deployment, find the EC2 instance ID for the `bootstrap-dev-instance`.

> 2. Create an IAM policy using the snippet below, replacing `<aws-region>`, `<aws-account>`, `<stage>`, and `<ec2-instance-id>`:

Author: ```suggestion
2. Create an IAM policy using the snippet below, replacing `<aws-region>`, `<aws-account>`, `<stage>`, and `<ec2-instance-id> in the following policy`:
```

    ```json
    {
        "Version": "2012-10-17",
        "Statement": [
            {
                "Effect": "Allow",
                "Action": "ssm:StartSession",
                "Resource": [
                    "arn:aws:ec2:<aws-region>:<aws-account>:instance/<ec2-instance-id>",
                    "arn:aws:ssm:<aws-region>:<aws-account>:document/SSM-<stage>-BootstrapShell"
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
    ```

3. Name the policy, such as  `SSM-OSMigrationBootstrapAccess`, then create the policy by selecting **Create policy**.

---

## Step 3 - Logging into bootstrap and build the bootstrap instance (~15 mins)

Next, log into to bootstrap and build the bootstrap instance using the following steps.

### Prerequisites

To use these steps, make sure you fulfill the following prerequisites:

* AWS CLI and AWS Session Manager Plugin is installed on your instance.
* The AWS credentials are configured (`aws configure`) for your instance.

### Steps

1. Load AWS credentials into your terminal.

> 2. Login to the instance using the command below, replacing `<instance-id>` and `<aws-region>`:

Author: ```suggestion
2. Login to the instance using the command below, replacing `<instance-id>` and `<aws-region>` in the following script:
```

    ```bash
    aws ssm start-session --document-name SSM-dev-BootstrapShell --target <instance-id> --region <aws-region> [--profile <profile-name>]
    ```

> 3. Once logged in, run the following command from the shell of the bootstrap instance (within the /opensearch-migrations directory):

Author: ```suggestion
3. Once logged in, run the following command from the shell of the bootstrap instance inside the `/opensearch-migrations` directory):
```

    ```bash
    ./initBootstrap.sh && cd deployment/cdk/opensearch-service-migration
    ```
4. After a successful build, remember the path for infrastructure deployment in the next step.

---

> ## Step 4 - Configuring and deploying for RFS (~20 mins)

Author: ```suggestion
## Step 4: Configuring and deploying for RFS (~20 mins)
```

> ## Step 4 - Configuring and deploying for RFS (~20 mins)

Author: I don't mind the acronym, personally. We introduce the shorthand on line #9. That being said, do you think it'll be confusing for users if we don't repeat `reindex-from-snapshot`?

> ## Step 4 - Configuring and deploying for RFS (~20 mins)

Reviewer: Good callout, if users are reading linearly we lay this out at the top of the doc.

    ```

5. Verify that all CloudFormation stacks were installed successfully.

#### `ReindexFromSnapshot` parameters

If you're creating a snapshot using migration tooling, these parameters are auto-configured. If you're using an existing snapshot, modify the  `reindexFromSnapshotExtraArgs` setting with the following values:

    ```bash
    --s3-repo-uri s3://<bucket-name>/<repo> --s3-region <region> --snapshot-name <name>
    ```

You will also need to give access to the `migrationconsole` and `reindexFromSnapshot` taskRole permissions to the EC2 bucket. 

---

## Step 5: Deploying the migration assistant

To deploy the migration assistant to EC2, use the following steps:

1. Bootstrap the account:
   
    ```bash
    cdk bootstrap --c contextId=migration-assistant --require-approval never --concurrency 5
    ```
2. Deploy the stacks when `cdk.context.json` is fully configured:
   
    ```bash
    cdk deploy "*" --c contextId=migration-assistant --require-approval never --concurrency 3
    ```

These commands deploy the following stacks:

* Migration assistant network stack
* RFS stack
* Migration console stack

---

> ## Step 6: Accessing the Migration Console

Author: ```suggestion
## Step 6: Accessing the migration console
```

```bash
console clusters connection-check
```

You should receive the following output:

```
* **Source Cluster:** Successfully connected!
* **Target Cluster:** Successfully connected!
```

To learn more about migration console commands, see [Migration commands].

---

## Step 8: Snapshot creation

Run the following to initiate creating a snapshot from the source cluster:

```bash
console snapshot create [...]
```

To check on the progress of the snapshot creation, use:

```bash
console snapshot status [...]
```

To learn more details about the snapshot, use:

```bash
console snapshot status --deep-check [...]
```

Wait for the snapshot to complete before moving to step 9.

To learn more about snapshot creation, see [Snapshot Creation]:

---

## Step 9 - Metadata Migration

Run the following command to migrate metadata:

```bash
console metadata migrate [...]
```

To learn more see [Metadata migration]

---

## Step 10: RFS Document Migration

You can now use RFS to migrate documents from your original cluster:

1. To start the migration from RFS, start a `backfill` using the following command:

    ```bash
    console backfill start
    ```

> 2. If you need more workers in order to accommodate the number of documents in your cluster, use the following command:

Author: So the first command performs a faster migration and this command uses an allocated number of workers to create a more stable one?

> 2. If you need more workers in order to accommodate the number of documents in your cluster, use the following command:

Author: On second thought, reread your suggestion and this reads more like an optional step than a required one. What would the user use for the more "stable" option?

> 2. If you need more workers in order to accommodate the number of documents in your cluster, use the following command:

Reviewer: I'd say we relabel this as optional step.  Its highly variable based on the user cluster if it will 1) have any positive impact 2) have any negative impact.

While there are definitely ways this can be tweaked those wouldn't be called out in this quick start guide and would be covered in by the `Backfill Execution` link below this list.

---
layout: default
title: Quickstart - Data migration
nav_order: 10
---

# Getting started: Data migration

This document outlines how to deploy the Migration Assistant and execute an existing data migration using `Reindex-from-Snapshot` (RFS). It uses AWS for the sake of illustration. However, the steps can be modified for use with other cloud providers.

## Prerequisites and assumptions

Before utilizing this quickstart, make sure you fulfill the following prerequisites:

* Verify your that migration path [is supported](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/migrations/is-migration-assistant-right-for-you/#supported-migration-paths). Note that we test with the exact versions specified, but you should be able to migrate data on alternative minor versions as long as the major version is supported.

> * The source cluster must be deployed with the S3 plugin.

Author: ```suggestion
* The source cluster must be deployed Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) plugin.
```

* The target cluster must be deployed.

Using this guide assumes the following:

* A snapshot will be taken and stored in S3 in this guide, and the following assumptions are made about this snapshot:
  * The `_source` flag is enabled on all indexes that will be migrated.
  * The snapshot includes the global cluster state (`include_global_state` is `true`).

>   * Shard sizes up to approximately 80GB are supported. Larger shards can not be migrated. If this is blocker for your migration, contact the [migration's team](https://opensearch.slack.com/archives/C054JQ6UJFK).

Author: ```suggestion
  * Shard sizes up to approximately 80 GB are supported. Larger shards can not be migrated. If this is blocker for your migration, contact the [migration's team](https://opensearch.slack.com/archives/C054JQ6UJFK).
```

* Migration Assistant will be installed in the same region and have access to both the source snapshot and target cluster.

---

## Step 1: Installing bootstrap on an AWS EC2 instance (~10 mins)

To begin your migration, use the following steps to install a `bootstrap` box on an AWS EC2 instance. The instance uses CloudFormation to create and manage the stack.

1. Log into the target AWS account where you want to deploy the Migration Assistant.
2. From the browser where you are logged into your target AWS account, right-click [here](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/new?templateURL=https://solutions-reference.s3.amazonaws.com/migration-assistant-for-amazon-opensearch-service/latest/migration-assistant-for-amazon-opensearch-service.template&redirectId=SolutionWeb) to load the CloudFormation  template from a new browser tab.
3. Follow the CloudFormation stack wizard:
   * **Stack Name:** `MigrationBootstrap`
   * **Stage Name:** `dev`
   * Hit **Next** on each step, acknowledge on the fourth screen, and hit **Submit**.
4. Verify that the bootstrap stack exists and is set to `CREATE_COMPLETE`. This process takes around 10 minutes.

> 

Author: Acknowledge as a UI element.

---

## Step 2: Setting up bootstrap instance access (~5 mins)

> Use the following steps to set up bootstrap instance access:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the following steps to set up Bootstrap instance access:
```

1. After deployment, find the EC2 instance ID for the `bootstrap-dev-instance`.
2. Create an IAM policy using the following snippet, replacing `<aws-region>`, `<aws-account>`, `<stage>`, and `<ec2-instance-id>` with your information:

    ```json
    {
        "Version": "2012-10-17",
        "Statement": [
            {
                "Effect": "Allow",
                "Action": "ssm:StartSession",
                "Resource": [
                    "arn:aws:ec2:<aws-region>:<aws-account>:instance/<ec2-instance-id>",
                    "arn:aws:ssm:<aws-region>:<aws-account>:document/BootstrapShellDoc-<stage>-<aws-region>"
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
    ```

> 

Reviewer 2: Should there be a {% include copy-curl.html %} here?

Author: Yes. I'll add those to the code examples here.

> 3. Name the policy, for example `SSM-OSMigrationBootstrapAccess`, then create the policy by selecting **Create policy**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Name the policy, for example, `SSM-OSMigrationBootstrapAccess`, and then create the policy by selecting **Create policy**.
```

---

> ## Step 3: Logging into bootstrap and build the Migration Assistant (~15 mins)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Step 3: Logging in to Bootstrap and building Migration Assistant (~15 minutes)
```

> Next, log into to bootstrap and build the Migration Assistant using the following steps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, log in to to Bootstrap and build Migration Assistant using the following steps.
```

> Next, log in to to Bootstrap and build Migration Assistant using the following steps.

Author: ```suggestion
Next, log in to Bootstrap and build Migration Assistant using the following steps.
```

### Prerequisites

To use these steps, make sure you fulfill the following prerequisites:

> * AWS CLI and AWS Session Manager Plugin is installed on your instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI) and AWS Session Manager plugin are installed on your instance.
```

* The AWS credentials are configured (`aws configure`) for your instance.

### Steps

1. Load AWS credentials into your terminal.

> 2. Login to the instance using the following command, replacing `<instance-id>` and `<aws-region>` with your instance ID and region:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Log in to the instance using the following command, replacing `<instance-id>` and `<aws-region>` with your instance ID and Region:
```

    ```bash
    aws ssm start-session --document-name BootstrapShellDoc-<stage>-<aws-region> --target <instance-id> --region <aws-region> [--profile <profile-name>]
    ```
    

> 3. Once logged in, run the following command from the shell of the bootstrap instance inside the `/opensearch-migrations` directory):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Once logged in, run the following command from the shell of the Bootstrap instance in the `/opensearch-migrations` directory:
```

    ```bash
    ./initBootstrap.sh && cd deployment/cdk/opensearch-service-migration
    ```
    

> 4. After a successful build, remember the path for infrastructure deployment in the next step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. After a successful build, note the path for infrastructure deployment, which will be used in the next step.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Confirm my changes to line 97 retain the intended meaning.

---

> ## Step 4: Configuring and deploying for RFS (~20 mins)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Step 4: Configuring and deploying RFS (~20 minutes)
```

> Use the following step to configure and deploy RFS:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the following steps to configure and deploy RFS:
```

> 1. Add the target cluster password to AWS Secrets Manager as an unstructured string. Be sure to copy the secret ARN for use during deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Add the target cluster password to AWS Secrets Manager as an unstructured string. Be sure to copy the secret Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for use during deployment.
```

> 2. From the same shell as the bootstrap instance, modify the `cdk.context.json` file located in the `/opensearch-migrations/deployment/cdk/opensearch-service-migration` directory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. From the same shell as the Bootstrap instance, modify the `cdk.context.json` file located in the `/opensearch-migrations/deployment/cdk/opensearch-service-migration` directory:
```

    ```json
    {
    "migration-assistant": {
        "vpcId": "<TARGET CLUSTER VPC ID>",
        "targetCluster": {
            "endpoint": "<TARGET CLUSTER ENDPOINT>",
            "auth": {
                "type": "basic",
                "username": "<TARGET CLUSTER USERNAME>",
                "passwordFromSecretArn": "<TARGET CLUSTER PASSWORD SECRET>"
            }
        },
        "sourceCluster": {
            "endpoint": "<SOURCE CLUSTER ENDPOINT>",
            "auth": {
                "type": "basic",
                "username": "<TARGET CLUSTER USERNAME>",
                "passwordFromSecretArn": "<TARGET CLUSTER PASSWORD SECRET>"
            }
        },
        "reindexFromSnapshotExtraArgs": "<RFS PARAMETERS (see below)>",
        "stage": "dev",
        "otelCollectorEnabled": true,
        "migrationConsoleServiceEnabled": true,
        "reindexFromSnapshotServiceEnabled": true,
        "migrationAssistanceEnabled": true
    }
    }
    ```

> 

Reviewer 2: Should there be a {% include copy-curl.html %} here?

    The source and target cluster authorization can be configured to have no authorization, `basic` with a username and password, or `sigv4`. 

3. Bootstrap the account with the following command:

    ```bash
    cdk bootstrap --c contextId=migration-assistant --require-approval never 
    ```

4. Deploy the stacks:

    ```bash
    cdk deploy "*" --c contextId=migration-assistant --require-approval never --concurrency 5
    ```

5. Verify that all CloudFormation stacks were installed successfully.

### RFS parameters

> If you're creating a snapshot using migration tooling, these parameters are auto-configured. If you're using an existing snapshot, modify the  `reindexFromSnapshotExtraArgs` setting with the following values:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're creating a snapshot using migration tooling, these parameters are automatically configured. If you're using an existing snapshot, modify the `reindexFromSnapshotExtraArgs` setting with the following values:
```

    ```bash
    --s3-repo-uri s3://<bucket-name>/<repo> --s3-region <region> --snapshot-name <name>
    ```

> You will also need to give access to the `migrationconsole` and `reindexFromSnapshot` taskRole permissions to the EC2 bucket. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will also need to give the `migrationconsole` and `reindexFromSnapshot` TaskRoles permissions to the S3 bucket. 
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Line 162: I assume we mean "S3 bucket". Otherwise, "EC2 instance".

Author: Should be S3 bucket.

---

> ## Step 5: Deploying the migration assistant

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Step 5: Deploying Migration Assistant
```

To deploy the migration assistant, use the following steps:

1. Bootstrap the account:
   
    ```bash
    cdk bootstrap --c contextId=migration-assistant --require-approval never --concurrency 5
    ```
2. Deploy the stacks when `cdk.context.json` is fully configured:
   
    ```bash
    cdk deploy "*" --c contextId=migration-assistant --require-approval never --concurrency 3
    ```

These commands deploy the following stacks:

> * Migration assistant network stack

Author: ```suggestion
* Migration Assistant network stack
```

---

## Step 6: Accessing the migration console

Run the following command to access the migration console:

```bash
./accessContainer.sh migration-console dev <region>
```

`accessContainer.sh` is located in `/opensearch-migrations/deployment/cdk/opensearch-service-migration/` on the bootstrap instance. To learn more, see [Accessing the migration console]:
`{: .note}

---

## Step 7: Checking the connection to the source and target clusters

To verify the connection to the clusters, run:

```bash
console clusters connection-check
```

You should receive the following output:

```
* **Source Cluster:** Successfully connected!
* **Target Cluster:** Successfully connected!
```

To learn more about migration console commands, see [Migration commands].

---

## Step 8: Snapshot creation

Run the following to initiate creating a snapshot from the source cluster:

```bash
console snapshot create [...]
```

To check on the progress of the snapshot creation, use:

```bash
console snapshot status [...]
```

To learn more details about the snapshot, use:

```bash
console snapshot status --deep-check [...]
```

Wait for the snapshot to complete before moving to step 9.

> To learn more about snapshot creation, see [Snapshot Creation]:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To learn more about snapshot creation, see [Snapshot Creation].
```

Author: Will add link after addressing the "Phases of migration" sections in the next PR.

> 

Reviewer 2: Line 244: Add link

---

> ## Step 9: Metadata Migration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Step 9: Metadata migration
```

Run the following command to migrate metadata:

```bash
console metadata migrate [...]
```

> To learn more see [Metadata migration].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Metadata migration].
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Line 256: Add link

---

## Step 10: RFS document migration

You can now use RFS to migrate documents from your original cluster:

1. To start the migration from RFS, start a `backfill` using the following command:

    ```bash
    console backfill start
    ```

> 2. _(Optional)_ To speed up the migration, increase the number of documents processed at a time by using the following command:

Reviewer 2: "at a time" => "simultaneously"?

> 2. _(Optional)_ To speed up the migration, increase the number of documents processed at a time by using the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
2. _(Optional)_ To speed up the migration, increase the number of documents processed at a simultaneously by using the following command:
```

    ```bash
    console backfill scale <NUM_WORKERS>
    ```

3. To check the status of the documentation backfill, use the following command:

    ```bash
    console backfill status
    ```

> 4. If you need to stop the backfill process use the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. If you need to stop the backfill process, use the following command:
```

    ```bash
    console backfill stop
    ```

To learn more see [Backfill execution].

> 

Reviewer 2: Line 288: Add link

---

## Step 11: Backfill monitoring

> Use the following command for detailed monitoring:

Author: ```suggestion
Use the following command for detailed monitoring of the backfill process:
```

```bash
console backfill status --deep-check
```

You should receive the following output:

```json
BackfillStatus.RUNNING
Running=9
Pending=1
Desired=10
Shards total: 62
Shards completed: 46
Shards incomplete: 16
Shards in progress: 11
Shards unclaimed: 5
```

> Logs and metrics are available in CloudWatch under the `OpenSearchMigrations` log group.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Logs and metrics are available in Amazon CloudWatch in the `OpenSearchMigrations` log group.
```

---

## Step 12: Verify all documents were migrated 

> Use the following query in CloudWatch logs insights to identify failed documents:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the following query in CloudWatch Logs Insights to identify failed documents:
```

```bash
fields @message
| filter @message like "Bulk request succeeded, but some operations failed."
| sort @timestamp desc
| limit 10000
```

> If any failed documents are identified, you can index the failed documents directly, as opposed to using RFS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If any failed documents are identified, you can index the failed documents directly as opposed to using RFS.
```

> For more information, see [Backfill migration].

Reviewer 2: Add link
